---
title: Distribution `2450` is now available
authors:
  - name: Mithril Team
tags: [release, distribution, 2450]
---

### Distribution `2450` is now available

We have released the [`2450.0`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2450.0) distribution, which includes the following:

- :fire: **BREAKING** changes in Mithril client library, CLI, and WASM:
  - Remove deprecated `network` field from the internal `CardanoDbBeacon`.
  - The Mithril certificates of type `CardanoImmutableFilesFull` can't be verified anymore with the previous clients.
  - Clients from distribution `2445` and earlier must be updated.
- Stable support for **Cardano node** `10.1.3` in the signer and the aggregator.
- Stable support for one line shell installation script of the Mithril nodes pre-built binaries.
- Bug fixes and performance improvements.

This new distribution has been deployed to the **Mithril aggregator** of the `release-mainnet` and `release-preprod` networks.

If you are running a **Mithril signer** on:

- the **pre-release-preview** network: there is nothing to do at the moment.
- the **release-preprod** network: you can upgrade the binary of your signer node to the version `0.2.221`, no configuration update is needed.
- the **release-mainnet** network: you can upgrade the binary of your signer node to the version `0.2.221`, no configuration update is needed.

You can **easily update your Mithril signer with this one line command** (it will be downloaded in the current directory, a custom folder can be specified with `-p` option):
`curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://raw.githubusercontent.com/input-output-hk/mithril/refs/heads/main/mithril-install.sh | sh -s -- -c mithril-signer -d 2450.0 -p $(pwd)`

For any inquiries or assistance, feel free to contact the team on the [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/5kaErDKDRq).
