---
title: Distribution `2517` is now available
authors:
  - name: Mithril Team
tags: [release, distribution, 2517, security-advisory]
---

### Distribution `2517` is now available

:::info Update 2025/05/06

The team released the hotfix `2517.1` to address a bug in the `2517.0` distribution that caused the Cardano node to fail during startup when using a snapshot downloaded with the Mithril client.

:::

The [`2517.1`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2517.1) distribution has been released, introducing the following changes:

- ⚠️ **Breaking** changes in Mithril client CLI and library:
  - To fast bootstrap a Cardano node, the new `--include-ancillary` option has been added to the _Cardano node database_ command in the Mithril client CLI.
  - Without this option, only final immutable files are downloaded, and the ledger state must be computed from the genesis block when the Cardano node starts.
  - The `--include-ancillary` option requires the usage of an **ancillary verification key** (`--ancillary-verification-key` or `ANCILLARY_VERIFICATION_KEY`) which is specified in the [Networks configuration](https://mithril.network/doc/next/manual/getting-started/network-configurations) page.
  - Clients from distribution [`2513`] and earlier are **not compatible** with this change and **must be updated**.
- Support for `Cardano node` `10.3.1` in the signer and the aggregator
- Support for origin tags in Mithril client library, CLI and WASM to record the origin of client requests.
- Bug fixes and performance improvements.

This new distribution has been deployed to the **Mithril aggregator** on the `release-mainnet` and `release-preprod` networks.

If you are running a **Mithril signer**:

- **pre-release-preview** network: no action is required at this time
- **release-preprod** network: upgrade your signer node binary to version `0.2.243` – no configuration updates are required
- **release-mainnet** network: upgrade your signer node binary to version `0.2.243`– no configuration updates are required.

You can update the Mithril signer using the one-line command below. It downloads to the current directory by default, but you can specify a custom folder using the -p option:

```bash
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://raw.githubusercontent.com/input-output-hk/mithril/refs/heads/main/mithril-install.sh | sh -s -- -c mithril-signer -d 2517.1 -p $(pwd)
```

For any inquiries or assistance, contact the team on the [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/5kaErDKDRq).
